readme: add link to community chat options (#79890)
NixOS/nixpkgs: README.md

* [IRC - #nixos on freenode.net](irc://irc.freenode.net/#nixos)
* [NixOS Weekly](https://weekly.nixos.org/)
* [Community-maintained wiki](https://nixos.wiki/)

> * [Community-maintained chat alternatives](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Get_In_Touch#Chat) (Discord, matrix, telegram, other IRC channels, etc.)

Reviewer: I know you are focused on the chat aspect, but it seems like just linking to the top level makes sense like:

```suggestion
* [Community-maintained list of ways to get in touch](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Get_In_Touch)
```

> * [Community-maintained list of ways to get in touch](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Get_In_Touch#Chat) (Discord, matrix, telegram, other IRC channels, etc.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Community-maintained list of ways to get in touch](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Get_In_Touch#Chat) (Discord, Matrix, Telegram, other IRC channels, etc.)
```
